Update MVS validation plan (#593)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: docs/Overview.rst

> The adopted validation plan is part of the MVS’ entire development process and is based on three main validation types: conceptual model validation, model verification and operational validity. Following some in-depth research, a validation approach is chosen for the MVS, through which the most appropriate validation techniques are applied to the MVS so that it gains the necessary credibility.

Reviewer: I feel like that only a short two paragraphs on MVS testing should be included in `Overview.rst`, but the rest moved to `Model_Assumptions.rst`. Otherwise, this becomes a very lenghtly introduction to a tool. You can also still link the extended edition to the mention in `Overview.rst`.

> *Conceptual model validation* consists of looking into the underlying theories and assumptions. Therefore, the conceptual validation scheme includes a comprehensive review of the generated equations by the oemof-solph python library and the components’ models. Next step is to try and adapt them to one pilot project with specific constraints. Tracing and examining the flowchart is also considered as part of this validation type. The aim is to assess the reasonability of the model behavior through pre-requisite knowledge; this technique is known as face validity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Conceptual model validation** consists of looking into the underlying theories and assumptions. Therefore, the conceptual validation scheme includes a comprehensive review of the generated equations by the oemof-solph python library and the components’ models. Next step is to try and adapt them to one pilot project with specific constraints. Tracing and examining the flowchart is also considered as part of this validation type. The aim is to assess the reasonability of the model behavior through pre-requisite knowledge; this technique is known as face validity. 
```
You should add links to the section where you present the flowchart, the equations.

> *Model verification* is related to computer programming and looks into whether the code is a correct representation of the conceptual model. To accomplish this, static testing methods are used to validate the output with respect to an input. Unit tests and integration tests, using proof of correctness techniques, are integrated within the code and evaluate the output of the MVS for any change occuring as they are automated. Unit tests target a single unit such as an individual component, while integration tests target more general parts such as entire modules. Finally, it is very important to make sure that Pytest, the chosen framework for functional testing, always goes through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Model verification** is related to computer programming and looks into whether the code is a correct representation of the conceptual model. To accomplish this, static testing methods are used to validate the output with respect to an input. Unit tests and integration tests, using proof of correctness techniques, are integrated within the code and evaluate the output of the MVS for any change occuring as they are automated. Unit tests target a single unit such as an individual component, while integration tests target more general parts such as entire modules. Both tests are implemented as pytests for the MVS, which allows automatized testing. 
```
Add link to the unit tests

> *Operational validity* assesses the model’s output with respect to the required accuracy. In order to achieve that, several validation techniques are used, namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Operational validity** assesses the model’s output with respect to the required accuracy. In order to achieve that, several validation techniques are used, namely:
```

> * Graphical display, which is the use of model generated or own graphs for result interpretation. Graphs are simultaneously used with other validation techniques to inspect the results;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Graphical display**, which is the use of model generated or own graphs for result interpretation. Graphs are simultaneously used with other validation techniques to inspect the results
```
Where is that done? If you did not add a paragraph on this, you could also update a link to your thesis to [here](https://multi-vector-simulator--593.org.readthedocs.build/en/593/References.html), and link to that source.

Reviewer: Maybe you can mention that some of these displays can also be checked as benchmark tests automatically?

Author: I thought saying that it's used simultaneously with other validation techniques is enough.

Author: I added a sentence in sensitivity analysis that points back to that point

> *	Benchmark testing, through which scenarios are created with different constraints and component combinations, and the output is calculated and compared to the expected one to evaluate the performance of the model;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	**Benchmark testing**, through which scenarios are created with different constraints and component combinations, and the output is calculated and compared to the expected one to evaluate the performance of the model
```
Add link to where the tests are actually applied.

Reviewer: Or explained

> *	Extreme scenarios (e.g., drastic meteorological conditions, very high costs, etc.), created to make sure the simulation is through and check if the output behavior is still valid by the use of graphs and qualitative analysis;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	**Extreme scenarios** (e.g., drastic meteorological conditions, very high costs, etc.) are created to make sure the simulation runs through and check if the output behavior is still valid by the use of graphs and qualitative analysis
```
Add link

> *	Comparison to other validated model, which replicates one pilot project into a validated optimization model with different component representation to identify the similarities and differences in results; and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	**Comparison to other validated model**, which compares the results of a case study simulated with both the model to be validates as well as with a validated optimization model to identify the similarities and differences in results
```

Reviewer: Add link

> *	Sensitivity analysis, through which input-output transformations are studied to show the impact of changing the values of some input parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	**Sensitivity analysis**, through which input-output transformations are studied to show the impact of changing the values of some input parameters.
```
Add link to where you describe it, or to your thesis and appropriate page

> Implemented Tests
> #################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validation techniques applied to the MVS
###############################
```
Also, you could add a subsection header "unit tests" and "benchmark tests"

> Unit tests and integration tests are gauged by using test coverage measurement. The MVS covers so far 80% of the modules and sub-modules as seen in the next figure. Since those tests are automated, this coverage is updated for any changes in the model. The figure also shows that the build is currently passing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests and integration tests are gauged by using test coverage measurement. The MVS covers so far 80% of the modules and sub-modules as seen in the next figure. Since those tests are automated, this coverage is updated for any changes in the model.
```
You should explain that pytests are used for unit and integration tests, and that they always assert that an externally determined output is archieved when applying a specific function.

Reviewer: You could also mention that the goal is to have unit tests for each single function of the MVS, and integration tests for the larger modules.

.. image:: images/Test_coverage.png
 :width: 200

> A benchmark is a point of reference against which results are compared to assess the operational validity of a model. Benchmark tests are not automated like unit and integration tests, hence it is necessary to check that they are passing for any implemented changes in the model. The following table lists the implemented benchmark tests which cover several features and functionalities of the MVS.

Reviewer: But benchmark tests are automated! The benchmark tests also always run though when pushing to master and should locally be run when pushing to dev.

> .. list-table:: Benchmark Tests

Reviewer: Please add a column where you link to the input folders of the tests in the github repro

Reviewer: You can do that by adding a hyperlink to the entries of the first column

Reviewer: The table does not look nice in the read the docs: 
![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44204527/96471260-6dcf5800-122f-11eb-848a-b713f5d9e88c.png) 
Maybe an enumeration would be more beautiful (and readable)?

Reviewer: https://multi-vector-simulator--593.org.readthedocs.build/en/593/Overview.html#id1

Reviewer: Are these descriptions also in the py files of the benchmark tests? I am wondering whether it would help to link the appropriate pytests here as well. Suggestion:

> * **Electrical grid + PV** ([data](link to test data)/[pytest](link to pytest)): Maximum use of PV to serve the demand and the rest is compensated from the grid

Also, please replace "electrical grid" with "electricity grid".

Reviewer: Note: Links are not added like I typed above, that was macro format.

Author: Hi @smartie2076 , do you have any hint on how to make those links work if this is not the correct way? I thought it's by including the relative directory path in the hyperlink

Reviewer: Hi @ursulaelmir ! There are two ways for links - here is a hyperlink
> `this is printed in text <www.a_link.de>`_

You would then use a link to the test files in the master branch, ie. something in [here](https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/tree/dev/tests/benchmark_test_inputs)

For references, you can look at the limitations part - I fixed the labels/references there (key: empty rows).

   :widths: 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Benchmark Test
     - Expected Result
   * - Electrical Grid + PV
     - Maximum use of PV to serve the demand and the rest is compensated from the grid
   * - Electrical Grid + PV + Battery
     - Reduced excess energy compared to Grid + PV scenario to charge the battery
   * - Electrical Grid + Diesel Generator
     - The diesel generator is only used if its LCOE is less than the grid price
   * - Electrical Grid + Battery
     - The grid is only used to feed the load
   * - Electrical Grid + Battery + Peak Demand Pricing
     - Battery is charged at times of peak demand and used when demand is larger
   * - Electrical Grid (Price as Time Series) + Heat Pump + Heat Grid
     - Heat pump is used when electricity_price/COP is less than the heat grid price
     

> More tests can still be implemented with regard to the investment model within the MVS. Also, components with two input sources can also be tested.

Reviewer: Can you write this as a list?

> For sensitivity analysis, the behaviour of the MVS is studied by testing the effect of changing the value of the feed-in tariff for a fixed value of an asset's LCOE such that LCOE_ASSET is less than the electricity price. More input-output transformations can be investigated such as checking the randomness of supply between the electrical grid and a diesel generator when fuel_price/generator_efficiency is equal to electricity_price/transformer_efficiency. Another sensitivity analysis case could be used to know if a diesel generator actually replaces the consumption from the grid at times of peak demand--i.e., dispatch_price is less or equal to peak_demand_charge. The table below lists the implemented sensitivity analysis tests.

Reviewer: A subsection head would be good. Please add future sensitivity analysis as a bulleted list.

Reviewer: It would be nice if the actual graph of this test would be shown here.

.. list-table:: Sensitivity Analyses
   :widths: 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Sensitivity Analysis Test
     - Expected Result
   * - Comparing FIT to LCOE_ASSET

>      - Invest is maximum allowed capacity of asset for FIT values larger than LCOE_ASSET

Reviewer: You can translate this list to a bulleted list as I presented above. Please also mention which pyfiles you use from the repro (if any), and if these sensitivity analysis could be added as a benchmark tests (ie. be automatized).

Author: at the moment, the input files are not in the repository. I will add a sentence to say it can be automatised.

Reviewer: Okay, sounds good!

     
Comparison to Other Models
##########################

So far, the MVS' results for a sector coupled system (electricity + hydrogen) are compared to those of HOMER for the same exact system. This comparison is important to highlight the similarities and differences between the two optimization models. On the electricity side, most of the values are comparable and in the same order of magnitude. The differences mainly show on the hydrogen part in terms of investment in an electrolyzer capacity (component linking the two sectors) and the values related to that. On another note, both models have different approaches for calculating the value of the levelized cost of a certain energy carrier and therefore the values are apart. 

> This validation method is very much in practice. However, one model cannot absolutely validate another model or claim that one is better than the other. This is why the focus should be on testing the correctness, appropriateness and accuracy of a model vis-à-vis its purpose. Since the MVS is an open source tool, it is important to use a validated model for comparison, but also similar open source tools like urbs and Calliope for instance.

Reviewer: Please add a link to your thesis. 

"Same order of magnitude" is still quite far apart - are the values that far apart? Why?

What does "this validation method is very much in practice" mean?

You could again add a link to your thesis (add page number) or a paper, where possible models for comparison are listed.
